Make SOAP-BPNN run on GPU (#58)
lab-cosmo/metatensor-models: docs/src/getting-started/advanced_base_config.rst

Advanced Base Configuration
===========================

> Here, "cell_abc" how some advanced base properties in the ``options.yaml`` can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we show how some advanced base properties in the ``options.yaml`` can
```

Author: My bad

Here, we explain how some advanced base properties in the ``options.yaml`` can
be adjusted. They should be written without indentation in the ``options.yaml`` file.

> 

Reviewer: I assume this should not be deleted.
